[Ruby] Strings concept exercise (#738)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/strings/.docs/hints.md

# Hints

### General

- The [rubymostas strings guide][ruby-for-beginners.rubymonstas.org-strings] has a nice introduction to Ruby strings.
- The `String` object has many useful [built-in methods][docs-string-methods].

### 1. Get message from a log line

> - Different options to search for text in a string can be found on the [Ruby language official documentation][docs-string-methods].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are different ways to search for text in a string, which can be found on the [Ruby language official documentation][docs-string-methods].
```

> - Removing white space is [built-in][strip-white-space].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are [built in methods][strip-white-space] to strip white space.
```
